# CS330
-Before I got into coding I never really focused on the brainstorming process. However the more that I work on coding projects the more I see the importance of preparing. This class for example initially I did each part of the required steps and believed that I would go back latter and fill in the parts that were needed when the time to turn it in came closer. What I realized was that was ineffective because the last part of the project was adding lighting. That added another level of difficulty because I then had to other parts of the project while dealing with the different lighting. I realized modifying the project would be a lot easier if I modified it before I changed the lighting. As a result I  ended up having to remove the lighting modify the project and then reapply the lighting. With this class I wasn't sure   how in depth I would get with learning how to make the graphics so I initially bit off more then I could chew. I tried  recreate my office set up in hopes of using it in the future to make virtual changes in order to get a virtual look at what the changes would look like before I commited the money to adding them. This class has helped me with preping before I start working. In this class we took the picture before we started creating the scene which helped. Instead of trying to create something from scratch it provided me with a template on what I was making. 

-My future goals are geared more towards software development. In my company most of the jobs that are dedicated to programing and data analysis require a degree in computer science. While computational graphics don't apply directly to the direction I plan on heading, it still provided me with the opportunity to improve my coding ability. I taught me OpenGL which was a program that I never worked with. This class also provided with a better understanding of what goes into creating a video game which is a hobby that I plan on learning when I finish whith school. It provides me with more of an appreciation of what goes into creating everything in the scene. Combining shapes and textures in a way that turnes squares, triangles, and circles into a run down mansion scenery in a horror game.
